So what I think makes a good leader is somebody who is also a good listener.
In order for you to lead your people effectively, you also have
to be able to understand and listen to what your people's needs are
and understand what mission requirements are. You can't just automatically
jump in immediately. Try and take hold of something and lead
it from the get go, or else you're not gonna get any buy in from
the personnel that you're trying to lead. So it's best to get together
with them first and kind of understand what their challenges are,
what their strengths are and then build from that and then not allow
you to lead that entire group forward. So Choi is making a positive
impact for the command, and the Navy is a hole.